Can I track the accounts of my family members from one device?
I have savings as well as current account with Open Finance, which of the two will be synchronized to the application?
How can I inquire about my deposit balance?
Can I pay someone else's bill? 
Is there any upper limit?
Any upper limit is there?
What if bill amount is greater than autopay amount set?
What are the consequences of not paying a bill that is presented to me? 
What happens if I have a dispute with a Biller on the bills paid over Bill Payment (Digital Bank)? 
Can I perform transaction from other accounts
Can I select more than one nominee
Can more than one nominee be selected?
On editing nominee, can I go for Nominee who is not relative
On closure of FD, I want to credit the proceeds to different account than my saving account
I was reviewing the close FD page and unknowingly clicked on Confirm. Immediately I got the POP up regarding closure of FD, Can I reverse the close FD ?
Once I put the age of my son who is 10 years old name of guardian appears. What is that?
At any stage in any steps in creation of fixed deposit , I decide not to  create it. What should I do?
Earlier I have closed the process of creating fixed deposit , can I resume from the step where I closed?
What is Hide nominee option, what is its importance?
What are the types of accounts from which I can debit an amount for the deposit? 
My beneficiary's account is not yet credited with the amount I have transferred
From the list of beneficiaries, I am not able to see the name of beneficiary I have added earlier
I tried looking for the IFSC code of HDFC, Lower parel branch. It is not appearing in the search result.
I have transferred an amount of Rs.XXX to a beneficiary. However, the same has been rejected and credited back to my account. What could be the reason?
What if I don’t have a virtual payment address. App is not allowing me to transfer funds using UPI since I don’t have a VPA
If a transaction is not credited to the beneficiary account, does the remitter get back the money?
What should be done if customer does not find old transaction on the screen?
What should be done if customer does not find transaction older than 3 years?
Customer says money got dispensed but account not updated. Where should the request be put in raise query?
Money is debited but account is not updated?
Customer do not understand the narration in transaction like Bulk posting/Correction posting/other banking jargons
Customer raised the query but don’t know what happened next
Customer raised the query but don't Track ID 
Customer is not satisfied with the reply to query
Customer wants to go through videos but unable to see due to any reason
What to do if there is discrepency in last login information?
Does customer needs to have the registered mobile number for registering the app?
Is a registered mobile number required for registering in the app?
How to proceed for app registration?
Can a user register the app without Internet Banking and Account/Debit card details?
Can a user register the app using Internet Banking but INB credentials are not active or incorrect
Can I enter alphanumeric values as mPIN?
Can numbers and alphabets entered as mPin?
Which debit card must a customer use to register?
Which debit card should I use to register?
Can I proceed ahead without uploading the image of the Dream?
Can I choose the account from which the Dream should be funded?
Can I edit the account from which the monthly contribution is debited?
Can I fund the Dream anytime/mutiple times in a month?
Where can I choose the day of funding the Dream?
While funding the Dream, where can I check the interest rate offered by bank?
What are detailed terms and conditions of this product?
From where can I close the Dream?
Can senior citizen avail additional rate of interest on recurring deposit? 
How TDS will be calculated for e-RD?
How TDS will be computed for e-recurring deposit 
My Occupation is not given in the list. What should I do?
I am not able to upload my image.
If I update my Contact details on the App. Will I need to update them again in the branch?
The changes I have made in my profile are not being saved
I am unable to view the modified/changed information in my profile
The account for which I want to create a VPA is not in the list.
My VPA is not appearing in the list
I am not able to edit VPA
Will I have different QR Codes for Different accounts or different VPAs?
Can I change my Primary account multiple times?
Can I avail Overdraft against TSFD like other FD
Will TSFD get renewed automatically ?
Can I close my e-TDR/e-STDR under Tax Saving Scheme through Internet banking ?
Can I set the maturity instruction for e-TDR/e-STDR under Tax Saving Scheme through Internet banking ?
Can I open online term deposit a/c in any other name(s), not belonging to debit a/c from which term deposit a/c is funded ?
Can senior citizen avail additional rate of interest on term deposit under Tax Saving Scheme ?
Why am I not able to request statement beyond 2 years?
How to search any past transaction?
How to search for a past transaction?
How to search for an old transaction?
Can i search a transaction I made three years ago?
If I create a new category, will it automatically show on my Internet, Tablet and Mobile Banking?